Better explanation of change gap limit (#263)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/RestoreElectrum.md

4. Load the wallet you created in Electrum

> 5. Open Electrum's console and digit `wallet.gap_limit_for_change = 100` to increase your `change gap limit` to 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Open Electrum's console and type `wallet.gap_limit_for_change = 100` then press Enter to increase your `change gap limit` to 100
```
